so look guys i was i was on duty that
day
i was on duty when anthony bourdain
called up
to get help
no i mean it's not it's not my my
proudest moment
i mean i thought i wouldn't talk about
it like i say there's kind of a
non-disclosure agreement involved
and you know it's it's a it's a
volunteer position
but yeah i mean you know anthony
bourdain he called the 1-800 number
and you know i mean i i wouldn't say
that like i laughed in his face
but you know i did laugh you know
several
several times at what he was telling me
[Music]
so
hey guys i've had a few different jobs
where i had to sign some kind of
non-disclosure agreement
um in this case i was working as a
volunteer
and i think it was more implicitly
understood that you weren't supposed to
talk about this stuff publicly
but you know i've seen a lot of videos
lately
and in this really kind of
self-righteous
self-congratulatory way they'll put like
the 1-800 number for the suicide hotline
below their youtube video or they tell
you oh
you know what happened to anthony
bourdain can happen to anybody
so make sure you've got the suicide
hotline number ready to go on your phone
like have it on speed dial
like this is some kind of magic wand you
can wave around like you know somebody
in your own life to talk about suicide
what what do you really think is going
to be on the other
end of that line well i can tell you
because i i used to volunteer at a
suicide hotline
what's gonna be there on the other end
of the line is
is maybe some [ __ ] just like me
someone who doesn't know you and doesn't
care about you
and can't appreciate you know the
struggles you're going through
and someone who definitely can't help
you with the actual
problems you're having the problems in
your life that you're trying to solve
because if if you're suicidal chances
are
you have real world problems you don't
just need an attitude adjustment
and even if you do you're not really
going to adjust your attitude by calling
up
a complete stranger on the phone they're
like hey have a more positive attitude
oh i'll try that thanks it's not going
to work
for anthony bourdain it's not gonna work
for you i mean you you really imagine
it would have saved anthony bourne's
life if if only he knew there was
a suicide hotline if only someone handed
him the phone
for that priceless advice from a
complete stranger
it's it's really easy to say get
professional help
but for a lot of these things there's
there's no professional
so look guys i was i was on duty that
day
i was on duty when anthony bourdain
called up
to get help and you know i mean
i was having a bad day myself like
i gotta come in as a volunteer and like
they used to have free coffee but
then they got rid of the coffee machine
so it's like they don't even pay me to
be there and i'm expected to like
buy you know decaf at starbucks because
i only drink decaf
so it's like in canada like the cheapest
drink you can get it's like 2.25 cents
plus tax
for like a decaf double espresso and i'm
like you know and then i've got to sit
there
and listen to one person after another
explain to me
why they want to commit suicide and i'm
not even allowed to give my own opinion
i've got this like photocopied playbook
of different pieces of invite you know
if they say this do that you know you're
supposed to just follow the scriptures
there's really no like
empathy or compassion or or spontaneity
and i get this guy calling me up and the
first thing he says is you know
you know hi this is this is anthony
bourdain
and i'm like anthony bourdain
you know like i mean i understand his
life was hard
but you know for one thing i'm vegan and
i'm hearing this
it's like this is someone who has
repeatedly said that i and all vegans
should just go ahead and commit suicide
he said that on tv
a whole bunch of times sometimes he
meant it as a joke sometimes he
mentioned as
you mentioned some kind of you know
social criticism what have you
so you know i'm i don't know you know it
puts me and the thing is
i've got to listen to this guy tell me
about how hard his life is
he makes one documentary after another
showing him living in constant luxury
and self-indulgencies on permanent
vacation
all the time you know he lives for one
three-course meal after another just to
sit there and pass judgment on it have
people
pay him to talk about how much he enjoys
eating
he has no ethical compass whatsoever he
doesn't care if he's eating salami
he doesn't care if he's eating you know
a a a live
snake yeah i eat the heart out of a live
snake one time
you know fertilized pigeon eggs whatever
this guy like monkey brains
just uh just to boast about it on
twitter that's that's his life
and i'm sitting here i've just spent the
last three hours
listening to people trying to talk them
down out of slitting their wrists or
overdosing on
you know whatever it is they got in
their medicine cabinet overdose on
you know my life's awful i got all my
strokes
and you really want to get on the phone
with me anthony bourdain and you want to
tell me
how rough you've got it no look i mean
it's not it's not my
my proudest moment i mean i thought i
wouldn't talk about it like i say
there's kind of a non-disclosure
agreement involved and
you know it's it's a it's a volunteer
position but yeah i mean you know
anthony bourdain he called the 1-800
number
and you know i mean i i wouldn't say
that like i laughed in his face
but you know i did laugh you know
several
several times at what he was telling me
and i mean you know it just i gotta say
it just started with him saying
yeah this this is anthony bourdain and
that and that he was
was suicidal i don't know i mean you
know
there are different factors there i
guess i just i just couldn't take
it that seriously or i felt like i
couldn't be that helpful to someone
you know someone who's constantly
boasting about his
his own life of luxury and and how awful
the lives of vegans are supposed to be
and now here you are you know calling up
this
this 100 number now you know my employer
the the
agency i think they do have the the
conversation on
on tape and i think you know based on
what my my supervisor said i think
they're not gonna
i think they're not gonna disclose it
publicly so you know exactly
what i said and what kind of tone i i
set it in
you know i guess i guess we'll never
know uh
but i mean as i remember you know i mean
toward the end of the
the phone call it got a bit it got a bit
combative got to be
but you know in the in the guidebook we
have that that's actually a good sign
if you can get someone from being
depressed to be angry at you that's what
i said to my supervisors
well i made him angry you know that's
good people are actually less likely to
commit suicide if you can get them from
being depressed and self-pitying
to being mad at you on the phone that's
that's like two points
up on the on the depression scale but
you know i mean he he got
angry at me and then i got angry at him
and you know i mean
there were some words along the lines of
like well why don't you just
you know you know why don't you just you
know do it seeing as you know
you know you like eating salami you
hypocritical piece of shed you know some
some words to that
you know to that effect so i mean look
it wasn't wasn't my
my best day at the office but like i say
if if you call up any of these these 1
800 numbers
you know looking for help uh what you're
gonna get is an unpaid
you know volunteer who you know i mean
fills out an application form
and you know maybe they have some
credentials maybe they have a background
in social work
i got in because i have a you know
degree in political science said
background in you know different kinds
of humanitarian work and volunteering
they thought they'd give me a shot
um but you know we can't help you
you know we we can't and i mean you know
i don't know looking back on it i
wouldn't give myself a you know a zero
out of ten
like you know you could say i was kind
of giving him like you know
tough love
[Music]
maybe we can we can practice
yes